Update 2026001.GlossarySearchAndSort.md (#1978)
omegat-org/omegat: src_docs/developer/adr/2026001.GlossarySearchAndSort.md

  - The term length option was added in **OmegaT 6.0.1**.

- **Note (4): Glossary priority implementation**

>   - The glossary priority was implemented in **OmegaT 3.0.5**. As of 6.1, **priority** is only implemented for the writable glossary and cannot be assigned to another glossary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - The glossary priority was implemented in **OmegaT 3.0.5**. As of 6.1, **priority** is only implemented for the writable glossary by default; other glossaries can be loaded as prioritized via a custom plugin, but this is not supported out of the box.
```

Author: Do we have custom plugins that assign priority ?

Author: I think a better modification would be `and cannot be assigned to another glossary through the user interface`. That leaves the field open to programmatic solutions. What do you think ?

Reviewer: It "can" be when someone create it. It should not be negated.

Author: Ok. Just to stick to what exists, what about:

`As of 6.1, **priority** is only implemented for the writable glossary.`

Reviewer: Please update the topic branch and push.
